{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Interface Testing Checklist\
=========\
\
Testing wallet\
\
- Alias: testing_wallet \
- Password: testpassword\
- Second Password: testpassword2\
\
Check /Resources/wallet/testing for test materials\
\
Login\
-\
1. Check Correct password\
2. Check Incorrect Password\
\
Forgot Identifier\
-\
1. Check Email Received\
2. Check SMS Received\
\
Import Wallet\
-\
1. Check Drag & Drop\
2. Check Import Incorrect Password\
2. Check Import wallet.aes.json Single Encrypted Wallet\
3. Check Import wallet.aes.json Double Encrypted Wallet\
4. Check New Password too short\
5. Check New Passwords do not match\
6. Check New Captcha\
7. Login into new walllet & check keys match\
8. Check wallet.dat import unencrypted\
9. Check wallet.dat import encrypted\
\
Forgot Password\
-\
1. Check Password Hints Email Received\
2. Test Mnemonic (Main & Second Password)\
\
Wallet Home\
-\
1. Check Charts popups\
2. Check Address QR Code\
3. Check Tweet 4 BTC Popup\
4. Check Deposit Popups\
5. Check Backup Download\
6. Check Dropbox Backup\
7. Check Google Drive Backup\
8. Check Email Backup\
\
Account Settings\
-\
1. Check Invalid Email\
2. Check Valid Email\
3. Test Verification Code\
4. Test Backup Received After Verification\
5. Check Resend Button\
6. Test Invalid Alias\
7. Test Valid Alias\
8. Test SMS Verification (UK, US, Other)\
9. Test SMS Resend Button\
10. Check Auto Email Backup Checkbox\
11. Check Local Currency Update\
12. Check Language Checkbox\
13. Test Fee Policy Checkbox (Export Unecrypted Check fee_policy)\
14. Run Integrity Check\
15. Check Notifications Checkboxs\
16. Check Notifications When Filter\
17. Check Notifications Confirmations Filter\
18. Check Two Factor Authentication Selectbox\
19. Test Scan Google Authenticator Code\
20. Test Logging Level\
\
Two Factor Authentication\
-\
1. Test Invalid Yubikey Code\
2. Test Valid Yubikey, different Yubikey.\
3. Test Valid Yubikey Code\
4. Test Invalid Google Auth Code\
5. Test Reuse Google auth Code\
6. Test Email Invalid Code\
7. Test Email Resend Link\
8. Test Email Valid Confirmation Code\
9. Test Invalid SMS Code\
10. Test Valid SMS Code\
11. Test Resend SMS Button\
12. Test Account Locked after failed logins\
  \
    }